# IntegrationStateV2

Contains all entities that might interest Talon.One integrations. 
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**customer_profile** | [**CustomerProfile**](CustomerProfile.md) |  | [optional] 
**loyalty** | [**Loyalty**](Loyalty.md) |  | [optional] 
**triggered_campaigns** | [**list[Campaign]**](Campaign.md) | The campaigns that were triggered as a result of processing the event. | [optional] 
**effects** | [**list[Effect]**](Effect.md) | The effects generated by the rules in your running campaigns. See [API effects](https://docs.talon.one/docs/dev/integration-api/api-effects). | 
**rule_failure_reasons** | [**list[RuleFailureReason]**](RuleFailureReason.md) | The reasons why certain rules were not triggered during the event processing.  | [optional] 
**created_coupons** | [**list[Coupon]**](Coupon.md) | The coupons that were created during the event processing. | 
**created_referrals** | [**list[Referral]**](Referral.md) | The referrals that were created during the event processing. | 
**awarded_giveaways** | [**list[Giveaway]**](Giveaway.md) | The giveaways that were awarded during the event processing. | [optional] 
**referral** | [**InventoryReferral**](InventoryReferral.md) |  | [optional] 
**coupons** | [**list[IntegrationCoupon]**](IntegrationCoupon.md) | The coupons that were processed. | [optional] 
**event** | [**Event**](Event.md) |  | [optional] 
**advanced_event** | [**EventV3**](EventV3.md) |  | [optional] 
**customer_session** | [**CustomerSessionV2**](CustomerSessionV2.md) |  | [optional] 
**_return** | [**ModelReturn**](ModelReturn.md) |  | [optional] 
**previous_returns** | [**list[ModelReturn]**](ModelReturn.md) | The previous returns associated with the event. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


